All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement.
He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
It is not despair, for despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not.
For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
So do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us
Fly you fools
Courage will now be your best defence against the storm that is at hand-—that and such hope as I bring.
Go back to the abyss! Fall into nothingness that awaits you and your master!
Evidently we look so much alike that your desire to make an incurable dent in my hat must be excused.
And he smote the Balrog upon the mountainside
Don't put a lump of rock under my elbow again!
If we fail, we fall. If we succeed - then we will face the next task.
I wish you would not always speak so confidently without knowledge.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.
Death is just another path, one that we all must take.
A wizard is never late, nor is he early, he arrives precisely when he means to.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.
Keep it secret. Keep it safe.
Do not then stumble at the end of the road.
Have patience. Go where you must go, and hope!
It is not our part here to take thought only for a season, or for a few lives of Men, or for a passing age of the world. We should seek a final end of this menace, even if we do not hope to make one.
This foe is beyond any of you...RUN!
Do not mock powers beyond your knowledge, impudent hair-foot
In all the long wars with the Dark Tower treason has ever been our greatest foe.
The ordinary folks have been challenged, I suppose.
Tämä on vakava matka eikä mikään hobittien huviretki
Home is now behind you, the world is ahead!
I am looking for someone to share in an adventure that I am arranging, and it's very difficult to find anyone.
Don't be a fool Mr. Baggins if you can help it.
It's the deep breath before the plunge.